because we Ashraf aludra the
spokesperson for the Palestinian Health
Ministry is speaking let's listen
ambulances and displaced innocent
civilians on purpose in order to force
transfer them to the South the Israeli
occupation forces violations against the
health sector resulted in the killing of
238 of the medical teams and the
destruction of 56 ambulance
Vehicles the Israeli occupation forces
also totally destroyed 56 medical
facilities 20 hospitals are totally out
of service and 80
186 primitive care facilities are out of
operation as we speak the Israeli
occupation forces are still holding
detaining 35 Medical Teams chiefly the
director general of the alifa medical
complex Dr Muhammad AB under very har
conditions including physical abuse
torture and starvation speaking of the
health condition as the Israeli Pleasant
ferocious war on Gaza continues we are
left helpless in the face of the rising
numbers of victims the medical Crews all
across Gaza hospitals are no longer
capable of accommodating the large
number of victims namely those with
uh severe
burns Severance of Limbs as a result of
use of internationally banned weapons by
the Israeli occupation forces all
hospitals are packed with victims
victims are lying on the corridors in
the ground on the ground and amid total
absence of electricity medical supplies
and medical equipment more than 1.5
million displaced persons in the refugee
centers and Sheltering camps including
pregnant women and children are raing
under slow death as a result the health
Ministry reiterates we call on the
league of Arab states the organization
of Islamic conference and free men
worldwide to quickly and swiftly act to
put an end the pleasance and genocide
against Gaza and the gazans and call on
the UN to put into effect the Geneva
forth convention and other International
treaty providing protection to hospitals
and medical facilities incriminating
shelling by the Israeli occupation
forces we call on the stakeholders to
provide a safe humanitarian Corridor
whereby fuel medical supplies and food
enter and victims
exit we also call for full-fledged
makeshift hospitals to reach all parts
of Gaza Strip without exception we also
appeal to the world and uh medical
syndicates to provide volunteer Medical
Teams to lend a helping hand to us here
in Gaza we also call on the UN and wh to
genuinely act in order to
pressurize the Israeli occupation forces
to release the medical crew members we
also call on the UN and it's
humanitarian organs to swiftly act to
prevent the health and humanitarian
crisis under which more than 1.5 million
displaced civilians are railing may God
accept in his Mercy the Fallen martyr
Grant speed recovery to the wounded and
Gaza will live on thank you well you've
been hearing from the spokesperson for
the Palestinian Health Ministry in Gaza
that was Dr Ashraf Al kudra now they
give regular updates on what can only be
described as the uh worsening State and
of the health system which has almost
entirely collapsed in Gaza with
hospitals not even close to being able
to provide the care of the patients and
that the injured need in the Gaza Strip
he was also calling on help from the
International Community to end the
violence in Gaza